README.md, before:

# Front End Web Development

This repo contains my notes and source files for [The Complete Front-End Web Development Course!](https://www.udemy.com/course/front-end-web-development/) I'm taking on Udemy this summer. I hope I can use skills picked up from this course to build beautiful, responsive sites for my personal projects.

You can view my test site [here](https://hellodommy.github.io/The-Complete-Front-End-Web-Development-Course/) though it still is a work in progress 😅.

1. [Welcome to the Course!](Lesson/1%20Welcome%20to%20the%20Course.md)
2. [Web Development Basics - HTML](Lesson/2%20Web%20Development%20Basics.md)
3. [Advanced HTML Concepts](Lesson/3%20Advanced%20HTML%20Concepts.md)
4. [Introduction to Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)](Lesson/4%20Introduction%20to%20Cascading%20Syle%20Sheets.md)
5. [Advanced CSS](Lesson/5%20Advanced%20CSS.md)
6. [Javascript for Beginners](Lesson/6%20Javascript%20for%20Beginners.md)
7. [More Javascript Concepts](Lesson/7%20Getting%20Started%20with%20jQuery.md)
8. [Getting Started with jQuery](Lesson/8%20More%20Javascript%20Concepts.md)
9. [More jQuery](Lesson/9%20More%20jQuery.md)
10. [Bootstrap Basics](Lesson/10%20Bootstrap%20Basics.md)
11. Project #2 (not completed)
12. Project #3 (not completed)
13. Final thoughts (not completed)

Commit message:

Update README for Pipboy project

README.md, after:

# Front End Web Development

This repo contains my notes and source files for [The Complete Front-End Web Development Course!](https://www.udemy.com/course/front-end-web-development/) I'm taking on Udemy this summer. I hope I can use skills picked up from this course to build beautiful, responsive sites for my personal projects.

You can view my test site [here](https://hellodommy.github.io/The-Complete-Front-End-Web-Development-Course/) though it still is a work in progress 😅.

1. [Welcome to the Course!](Lesson/1%20Welcome%20to%20the%20Course.md)
2. [Web Development Basics - HTML](Lesson/2%20Web%20Development%20Basics.md)
3. [Advanced HTML Concepts](Lesson/3%20Advanced%20HTML%20Concepts.md)
4. [Introduction to Cascading Style Sheets (CSS)](Lesson/4%20Introduction%20to%20Cascading%20Syle%20Sheets.md)
5. [Advanced CSS](Lesson/5%20Advanced%20CSS.md)
6. [Javascript for Beginners](Lesson/6%20Javascript%20for%20Beginners.md)
7. [More Javascript Concepts](Lesson/7%20Getting%20Started%20with%20jQuery.md)
8. [Getting Started with jQuery](Lesson/8%20More%20Javascript%20Concepts.md)
9. [More jQuery](Lesson/9%20More%20jQuery.md)
10. [Bootstrap Basics](Lesson/10%20Bootstrap%20Basics.md)
11. [Project #2: Pipboy](Lesson/11%20Project%202%20-%20Pipboy.md) (🏋🏻‍♀️ in progress)
    - Project site [here](https://hellodommy.github.io/The-Complete-Front-End-Web-Development-Course/pipboy).
13. Project #3 (not completed)
14. Final thoughts (not completed)
